Add docs for file watcher refresh (#406)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/components/data-connectors/file.md

      file_format: csv
      csv_has_header: false
```

## Trigger accelerated refresh on file change

> The File Data Connector can automatically refresh the associated acceleration when the file is modified. This is disabled by default and can be enabled by setting the `file_watcher` parameter to `enabled` in the acceleration parameters.

Reviewer: I'd suggest `the file` -> `the source file` for clarity

> 
> ## Trigger accelerated refresh on file change
> 
> The File Data Connector can automatically refresh the associated acceleration when the source file is modified. This is disabled by default and can be enabled by setting the `file_watcher` parameter to `enabled` in the acceleration parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Trigger data refresh on file change

In addition to standard [Data Refresh](/components/data-accelerators/data-refresh), a data refresh can also be triggered when the source file is modified. The File Data Connector uses a file system watcher to be notified the file has changed. The file watcher is disabled by default and can be enabled by setting the `file_watcher` parameter to `enabled` in the acceleration parameters.
```
